PE-897: rename-folder CLI (#234)
ardriveapp/ardrive-cli: README.md

ardrive move-folder --folder-id "9af694f6-4cfc-4eee-88a8-1b02704760c0" --parent-folder-id "29850ab7-56d4-4e1f-a5be-cb86d5513921" -w /path/to/wallet.json
```

### Renaming Folders<a id="rename-folder"></a>

> In order to rename a folder you must provide a name different to the current one, and it must not create conflicts within the sibling entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to rename a folder you must provide a name different from its current one, and it must not create naming conflicts with its sibling entities.
```
